Added documentation files (#3)
avantifellows/portal-frontend: README.md

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/github/license/avantifellows/auth-layer?color=blue&style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/717975833226248303.svg?label=&logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff&color=7389D8&labelColor=6A7EC2&style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/29qYD7fZtZ)

# Authentication Layer

> This layer is being built to authenticate and authorize users to use any reource at Avanti. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This layer is being built to authenticate, authorize and keep track of the students who will use Avanti Fellows resources or any external resource.
```

> This repo contains code for the frontned in VueJS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo contains code for the frontend of the layer written in VueJS.
```
